feat: adding cat painting project (#50565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-intermediate-css-by-building-a-cat-painting/646c47867800472a4ed5d2ea.md

---
id: 646c47867800472a4ed5d2ea
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> Start by setting up an HTML boilerplate. Add a `<!DOCTYPE>` of `html` and an `html` element with a `lang` attribute set to `en`. Within your `html` element, add a `head` element and a `body` element.

Reviewer: I like the wording from the building a piano project better here

```suggestion
Begin with the basic HTML structure. Add a `DOCTYPE` declaration and `html`, `head`, and `body` elements.
```

---
id: 646c47867800472a4ed5d2ea
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> Begin with the basic HTML structure. Add a `DOCTYPE` reference of `html` and an `html` element with its `lang` attribute set to `en`. Also, add a `head` and `body` elements within the `html` element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Begin with the basic HTML structure. Add a `DOCTYPE` reference of `html` and an `html` element with its `lang` attribute set to `en`. Also, add a `head` and a `body` element within the `html` element.
```
Grammar nit
